README.md, before:

mapping-state-songs
===================

# PROJECT SCOPE

Mission
----------
To create an application that will deliver State specific content.  Specifically, in this phase, State songs that users will have the option to search, listen and download. The final product will be a mobile application that will deliver this basic content to users who scan the QR code. This project supports Cascadia Community College's commitment to <>?
This project supports Cascadia Community College's commitment to the mission of integrated learning and sharing knowledge.

Objectives
-----
1. To build a platform that can represent the state songs project created by the integrated learning
   class and make it available to the users.
   a.  Ability to read and utilize information from a QR code.
   b.  Ability to play a song (state) obtained from QR code on a mobile device.
   c.  Ability to display text information obtained from QR code on a mobile device.

Users Description
------
_**Examples &amp; Descriptions** of some of the people who will use this app._
* **_Curious People_** - With the amount of public marketing planned, there will probably be a number of people that stop by and check it out simply out of curiosity. Most people will probably learn something they did not know before about the US, their home state, or even Washington where they currently reside.
* **_CCC/UW Students_** - There are many students at Cascadia and UWB that may not really know about the types of things the programming and web students are working on, and less aware of what the brand new mobile app class is doing.  This will be a great opportunity to showcase some of the new and exciting things that we are learning to do utilizing new web technologies and highlight what the new mobile apps classes will bring to the table.
* **_International Students_** - This installation would be an excellent opportunity for many international students to learn about the various states in the US.
* **_Faculty_** - The faculty at Cascadia CC and UW Bothell are very interested in what students are learning and how students are applying that knowledge. If they see that the BIT 271 Mobile Apps class has produced an interesting/useful mobile app, they may recommend students to check out the class, or contribute app ideas for future classes.
* **_Staff_** - There are a lot of staff members at Cascadia CC and UWB who will probably walk by the installation area, or check it out while on their break. They might be from different states, and want to check out more info about the state songs. They may also see the app was produced by our class and recommend people they know to check out the BIT classes here.
* **_Grandparents_** - This integrated learning app will be accessible during graduation week. This means there will be many grandparents on campus with grandchildren who are students. Many grandparents may be interested in this technology in which is unfamiliar, which might make them the larger percent of users on campus.
* **_Parents_** - As grandparents will be on campus for graduation week, parents of students will be as well. The app may also be very appealing as their student children may have contributed to the project in some manner. For those parents whose student child did not participate, will probably have a genuine interest, as they have a little more experience with apps than grandparents.
* **_K-12 Students_** - This project might present a learning opportunity for students in primary and secondary schools, where teachers may choose to take their students here on a field trip. For this audience, we may wish to design a learning pamphlet or acitivty pack to hand out to the students.

Personality (the feeling of the app: color, images, interactivity)
-------
The app should integrate colors and images specific to the selected state.

Commit message:

Cleaned up Mission and Objectives and Theme
Edited Mission and Objectives for readabiilty, added more to Theme
based on our class notes (whiteboard) from meeting with client

README.md, after:

mapping-state-songs
===================

# PROJECT SCOPE

Mission
----------
This application will deliver State specific content interfacing with the 2012-13 integrated learning art installation at Cascadia Community College.  Specifically, the official songs and related content for each State will be available for users to search, listen, download, and interact with as they scan a QR code embedded in the installation. This project supports Cascadia Community College's commitment to the mission of integrated learning and sharing knowledge.

Objectives
-----
1. To build a platform that can represent the state songs project created by the integrated learning
   class and make it available to the users.
2. Ability to read and utilize information from a QR code.
3. Ability to play a song (state) obtained from QR code on a mobile device.
4. Ability to display text information obtained from QR code on a mobile device.

Users Description
------
_**Examples &amp; Descriptions** of some of the people who will use this app._
* **_Curious People_** - With the amount of public marketing planned, there will probably be a number of people that stop by and check it out simply out of curiosity. Most people will probably learn something they did not know before about the US, their home state, or even Washington where they currently reside.
* **_CCC/UW Students_** - There are many students at Cascadia and UWB that may not really know about the types of things the programming and web students are working on, and less aware of what the brand new mobile app class is doing.  This will be a great opportunity to showcase some of the new and exciting things that we are learning to do utilizing new web technologies and highlight what the new mobile apps classes will bring to the table.
* **_International Students_** - This installation would be an excellent opportunity for many international students to learn about the various states in the US.
* **_Faculty_** - The faculty at Cascadia CC and UW Bothell are very interested in what students are learning and how students are applying that knowledge. If they see that the BIT 271 Mobile Apps class has produced an interesting/useful mobile app, they may recommend students to check out the class, or contribute app ideas for future classes.
* **_Staff_** - There are a lot of staff members at Cascadia CC and UWB who will probably walk by the installation area, or check it out while on their break. They might be from different states, and want to check out more info about the state songs. They may also see the app was produced by our class and recommend people they know to check out the BIT classes here.
* **_Grandparents_** - This integrated learning app will be accessible during graduation week. This means there will be many grandparents on campus with grandchildren who are students. Many grandparents may be interested in this technology in which is unfamiliar, which might make them the larger percent of users on campus.
* **_Parents_** - As grandparents will be on campus for graduation week, parents of students will be as well. The app may also be very appealing as their student children may have contributed to the project in some manner. For those parents whose student child did not participate, will probably have a genuine interest, as they have a little more experience with apps than grandparents.
* **_K-12 Students_** - This project might present a learning opportunity for students in primary and secondary schools, where teachers may choose to take their students here on a field trip. For this audience, we may wish to design a learning pamphlet or acitivty pack to hand out to the students.

Personality (the feeling of the app: color, images, interactivity)
-------
The app should have a clean, streamlined feel and integrate colors and images specific to the selected state as appropriate.
